Added stream and compression page (#6)
Chameleon-Vision/chameleon-docs: docs/source/getting-started/ui.rst

This tab also allows teams to perform crosshair calibration. Instead of offsetting values in code, teams can line up their robot perfectly by hand, click "calibrate A" and "calibrate B", and the crosshair will be set to the current position. If the robot needs to shoot gamepieces into a goal from different distances, teams can calibrate A at their closest scoring position and B at their furthest scoring location, and the crosshair will linearly interpolate between the two offsets based on distance (area) from the target.

.. _learn-ui-stream:

Stream
~~~~~~~~

The stream tab controls settings for the video stream of each camera. 

.. note::
	These settings are per pipeline and NOT per camera.

> 	Just to clearify, this is an FPS limit of the video stream, NOT the processing frame rate which is usually way higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Furthermore, this limits the FPS of the **stream**, not the actual camera - the processing of position, etc. is not limited by this value.
```

> You can adjust the FPS, 30 is recommended for driving and lower frame rates can be better for an intake system for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to adjust the FPS. 30 FPS minimum is recommended for driving, however, lower frame rates can work in places such as an intake.
```

Is there an image of this?

Reviewer 2: Would be a good idea to add how NT tables update 100 times per second, so having an fps greater than 100 would be bottlenecked.

> You can also scale down the image with ``Stream Resolution`` to save bandwidth (at the cost of video quailty). This features divides the resolution by a number so a high resolution video can be resized by 6:1 ratio but resizing a low resolution image by this ratio will cause visual items like the crosshair to disappear. Its recommended to tweak the settings with ``Original`` or ``High`` Stream Resolution in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also scale down the image with ``Stream Resolution`` to save bandwidth (at the cost of video quality).
The resolution (say, 1080p) is decreased by the ratio given (say, 6:1) to a lower resolution (making 180p).
Keep in mind that if the resolution is too low the crosshair or other overlays may disappear.

Available ratios are:
```
